---
layout: post
title: "Call for papers - SLAM 2013"
tagline: "InterSpeech 2013 satellite Event"
description: "Workshop on Speech, Language and Audio in Multimedia"
category: 
- organisation
tags: 
- multimedia, workshop, call for papers
---
{% include JB/setup %}


### FIRST WORKSHOP ON SPEECH, LANGUAGE AND AUDIO IN MULTIMEDIA

                    Organized by
       ISCA SIG on Speech and Language in Multimedia
    IEEE SIG on Audio and Speech Processing for Multimedia

        as a satellite event of Interspeech 2013

          Aug. 22—23, 2013, Marseille, France

**Website:** [http://slam2013.lif.univ-mrs.fr](http://slam2013.lif.univ-mrs.fr "http://slam2013.lif.univ-mrs.fr")

The first Workshop on Speech, Language and Audio in Multimedia (SLAM) aims at bringing together researchers working in speech, language and audio processing to analyze, index and access multimedia data. Multimedia data are now available in very large amounts with a wide variety of formats and qualities, from professional content to user-generated ones: Lectures, meetings, interviews, debates, conversational broadcast, podcasts, social videos on the Web, etc. Such data, along with the associated use scenarios, raise specific challenges: Robustness facing the high variability in quality; Efficiency to handle very large amount of data; Semantics shared across modalities; Potentially high error rates in transcription; etc. Worldwide, several national and international research projects are focusing on audio analysis of multimedia data. Similarly, various benchmark initiatives have been initiated such as TRECVID MED, MediaEval, or ETAPE and REPERE in France.

The SLAM workshop intends to bring together players from the field to share recent research results, discuss ongoing and future projects, benchmarking initiatives and applications. We expect communications on research work, project description, evaluation initiative, demonstrations and applications dealing with speech and/or language and/or audio on any type of multimedia material. The list of topics of interest includes (but is not limited to):

*   Audio event detection and audio classification
*   Speech and speaker recognition on multimedia material
*   Audio-aware genre analysis and classification
*   Multimodal speaker identification and clustering
*   Multimedia spoken term detection and content retrieval
*   Speech and audio aware content segmentation and structuring
*   Audio indexing and fingerprinting
*   Robust feature extraction and processing
*   Natural language processing for multimedia
*   Metadata extraction : Entity extraction, keyword extraction, etc.
*   Summarization and hyperlink generation
*   Multimodal fusion and integration involving audio
*   Generation of descriptive text for multimedia
*   Speech and audio multimedia applications and services
*   Databases and benchmarks
*   Large scale speech and audio analysis
*   Navigation in multimedia audio content

applied to any media such as:

*   Professional broadcasts – TV, radio, podcasts, newsfeeds, synopsis, etc.
*   Social media – YouTube, Flickr, Facebook, Twitter, Voice Social Network, etc.
*   Audiovisual archives – Lectures and conferences, meetings, etc.
*   Music – Music catalogs, music collections, etc.

The workshop is organized in conjunction with Interspeech 2013 over 1.5 days, starting Thu. 22, 2013 at mid-day and ending Fri. 23, 2013 afternoon, right before the main conference. Marseille is conveniently connected by high-speed train to Lyon where the Interspeech conference will take place. The format of the workshop will include an invited talk, oral presentations of scientific work and a poster session for project and benchmark presentations.

Prospective authors should submit a manuscript following instructions on the web site. All submissions will be peer-reviewed by at least two reviewers. Proceedings will be published online in open access and a special issue in a dedicated journal is targeted.

#### Important dates

* full paper submission deadline: May 3, 2013 **EXTENDED**
* notification of acceptance: May 31, 2013
* camera ready paper: June 28, 2013
* registration deadline : June 28, 2013
* workshop: August 22-23, 2013
* Interspeech conference: August 25-30, 2013

The first SLAM workshop is jointly organized by the newly created ISCA SIG on Speech and Language in Multimedia and by the IEEE SIG on Audio and Speech Processing in Multimedia. This first edition is intended as the first of a series of workshop.

#### General Chairs

*   Frédéric Bechet (LIF-CNRS, Aix Marseille Université)
*   Guillaume Gravier (IRISA, CNRS)

#### Scientific committee

*   Xavier Anguera (Telefónica)
*   Frédéric Bechet (Aix Marseille Université)
*   Delphine Charlet (Orange Labs)
*   Gerald Friedland (ICSI)
*   Sadaoki Furui (Tokyo Institute of Technology)
*   Guillaume Gravier (CNRS)
*   Gareth Jones (Dublin City University)
*   Martha Larson (TU Delft)
*   Lin-Shan Lee (National Taiwan University)
*   Georges Linarès (Université d'Avignon)
*   Florian Metze (CMU)

#### Organizing committee

*   Patrice Bellot (LSIS-CNRS, Aix Marseille Université)
*   Hervé Bredin (LIMSI, CNRS)
*   Benoît Favre (LIF-CNRS, Aix Marseille Université)
*   Sylvain Meigner (LIUM, Université du Maine)
*   Christian Raymond (IRISA, INSA Rennes)
